---
coverY: 0
---

# 🗃 Wallet 100x

#### <mark style="color:yellow;">Wallet First100x 2023</mark>

Is a way to **"store"** the investor's digital assets and currencies. Composed of software or physical devices, every wallet aims to provide investors with secure and full access to their crypto assets.

This way, he can perform transactions without the help of a broker, being able to trade cryptocurrencies and organize them according to his personal planning. <mark style="color:yellow;">And best of all, in a much safer way!</mark>

Thus, by gaining full control over your investment in cryptocurrencies and digital assets, the responsibility over their management increases, as does the freedom to handle them independently.

#### <mark style="color:yellow;">How does a wallet work?</mark>&#x20;

Unlike the wallet we use in everyday life, a crypto wallet works more like a series of keys, which give access to the blockchain, where the assets are stored.

One of these keys is public, and works like an account number in a traditional bank. In this sense it can be used to receive assets and also be shared with other investors.There is a shortened version of this key that is known as an address. If generated automatically, the address might look like the following code:<mark style="color:yellow;">**1bNO764gnKugF986JJfu6E708Op097.**</mark>

The user can also get the address by a QR code, generated by the Wallet tool.Another key provided to the user is the private key, with which the user can freely perform cryptocurrency transactions. Therefore, this key is very important and restricted, and should not be shared with third parties.

#### <mark style="color:yellow;">Firs100x 2023 integrating with wallet</mark> <mark style="color:yellow;"></mark>





On our road map our wallet will have users track their rewards gained from reflections, wallet balance, coin valuation, and more.
